What is something you predict will exist in 10 years that doesn't today?
What is the strangest way you met one of your friends?
What is your opinion on tattoos?
What's the most interesting thing you have in your pockets right now?
What's the most difficult thing that you still do each day?
Do you think you're more like your mom or your dad?
Where's the next place you want to visit?
Is there a personality trait that you'd like to adopt from one of your friends?
What have you done that you didn't like, but would you be willing to give it another shot?
Has someone ever done a random act of kindness to you?
What do you see happening in your future?
What thing have you been procrastinating about that you will begin doing today?
If you were required to have a job of some type but you didn't need the money from it to survive, what job would you choose?
If you had the choice to go back in time or into the future, which would you choose?
How do you think your reality differs from others you know?
What part of the human face do you look at when you talk to someone?
What's your most recent passion?
What's something that you know you should start, but haven't?
What song currently speaks to you the most?
Have you ever had to complain to management? Why?
What is your opinion on tattoos?
What obscure interest do you have?
What do you spend too much time doing?
Have you ever been at an event that you think will one day be in history books?
If you had to ask yourself one question to get the most information out of you, what would that question be?
Do you have any memories before the age of five?
If you could choose to be famous for something, what would it be?
How often do you find yourself daydreaming?
What or who are you always willing to make time for?
What can you talk about for hours?
What is socially acceptable today that you think won't be in 10 years?
What do you think is your most creative ability?
If you could have any person become a member of your family, who would you choose?
What recent event have you seen that restored your faith in humankind?
What were you most afraid of when you were younger? Do you still have that fear?
Can you name 5 things you wouldn't do for a million dollars?
Do you think you were ever part of the popular crowd?
How much money would you need in the bank to feel comfortable to retire today?
How long did it take for you to come up with your current signature?
What photo have you recently seen that spoke to you?
Do you consider telling white lies to be okay?
What's the story behind your greatest treasure?
What was a situation where you literally did a doubletake?
What do you think people pretend to like when they really don't?
Who have you met only one time that left a huge impression on you?
What do you find you recently spend a lot of time wondering about?
Are you currently going through any type of phase?
What's simply too difficult?
Have you ever had a missed connection encounter?
Where do you see yourself in 5 years?